Boils to a climax in Boston
with the meeting of the top two in this
group. Both of them have won
their matches so far and go down to New
York again and play Sweden. There's the
Norway team today and they make 10
changes including the omission of Erling
Haaland and Martin Ødegaard, their two
star men.
Strand Larsen will play up front. Oscar
Bob on the wing. Andreas Schjelderup on
the other wing. Only Fredrik Aursnes
keeps his place and he's moved to right
back here today as Norway frankly look
to keep their powder dry for the
knockout rounds.
As for France, well, they're definitely
stronger.
Just the four changes, but Kylian Mbappé
does start in pursuit of the Golden
Boot. In Tchouaméni, Doué, Theo
Hernandez and a World Cup debut for
Maxence Lacroix, who's the central
defensive partner of the USA's Chris
Richards. That Christopher Ajer, it's a
massive day [music] for him, of course.
In the group and Mbappé's in behind here
straight away.
And he hits the UNDERSIDE OF THE BAR.
From the angle, it looked more or less
impossible.
>> Mbappé said to Didier Deschamps, "Do not
take me out of the team."
Early pressure from France. Kunde to
pull it back. Bouncing around
dangerously. Norway get it away and beat
away.
Very well indeed by Selvik, the deputy
goalkeeper who's come into the side
today. Plays for Watford.
>> [cheering]
>> Good traffic so far.
Is Olise
already among the assist leaders for
this World Cup.
As he was around Europe with Bayern
Munich this last season.
Do I did take a little deflection only a
little one on the way through no problem
that time for
>> [cheering]
>> Here's Dembélé.
Opportunity here. The Ballon d'Or winner
and he scores.
France ahead early on.
Ousmane Dembélé with his second of this
World Cup.
>> [cheering]
[cheering]
>> Well, you could feel it coming already
Ian.
Ball pops loose in the midfield to
Kylian Mbappé.
Takes a look up and sees Dembélé wide
right by himself.
As it falls to him first time ball here.
Fantastic weight of the pass.
And you thought Dembélé might come in on
his left foot just fakes it back to his
right and then smashes it
into the left corner.
You have to say this is likely a sign of
things to come 1-0 to France.
>> Finds the net perfectly.
And you could just tell Saudi
32.
It's looking dangerously. Mbappé will
certainly fancy
chances to add substantially to his
tally.
Do I almost offered a free shot which he
took but didn't get hold of.
You're up against Mbappé and Dembele
today.
>> Well, and anybody else who ends up
coming into the match later, too.
>> And Elyounoussi being held back by
Patrick Berg. He's I think the referee
is going to Now, he's not. I thought for
a moment he was going to just let him
get away with one early on, but it's a
yellow card for the
Bodø/Glimt player, Berg.
>> That's absolutely the right decision by
Michael Oliver. You can see him drag
back Elyounoussi.
>> Upamecano's ball is pretty loose
that time. Strand Larsen was already
didn't find Berge in acres of space.
And Norway get an opportunity
to Ørjan Nyland trying his luck from
range.
>> Well, and that's a big chance missed,
Sissoko.
Every goal matters, and a bit of a
Here's Mbappe.
Elyounoussi!
And the block worked, but Norway getting
themselves in a rare old mess back
there.
>> Schjelderup here, the Benfica winger.
Then Aursnes. Strand Larsen, BIG CHANCE!
OH, HE HAD TO TAKE IT, and he didn't
take it.
>> Wow, what a big chance.
He throws his foot out, just gets there
ahead of Upamecano Upamecano falls so
kindly to him. He just can't get over
it.
A big chance for Norway there to level
the score.
>> Got a bit of work to do.
This
Mbappe
works an angle.
Really got hold of it, and Sørloth had
to be smart.
>> [cheering]
[applause]
>> That could be costly, the way France can
counter.
Here's Mbappe pulled by Østigård. Play
on, says the referee. Cuz France still
have it with Dembélé. He's going to try
his luck again. He's going TO SCORE
AGAIN.
DEMBéLé AT THE DOUBLE.
>> [cheering]
[cheering]
>> Maybe he is going to join that golden
boot race.
>> Well, if he has anything to say about
>> Absolutely.
>> Ball gets fizzed into Mbappé.
Does a great job holding the ball.
Watch Mbappé's run around. Holds the
defender. Dembélé first time on his
right foot. This time inside of the
left.
Into the far corner. Nothing Sørloth can
do.
Two goals for that man and 2-0 to
France.
>> Perfectly placed. Guy Stéphan, who's
stepping in to coach France today in the
absence of Didier Deschamps.
He's seen the whole Deschamps story,
been alongside all that time.
Ousmane Dembélé's unremarkable record in
a France shirt. He's up to 10 now.
And counting, you could say. And that
all came on that turnover at the other
end with Sørloth. And he's got it.
Scores! NORWAY BACK IN IT.
FRANCE WENT TO SLEEP.
>> [cheering]
[cheering]
>> HELLO, ALEXANDER
SøRLOTH FOR NORWAY.
>> WELL, straight off the kickoff,
you're right, France fell asleep.
And you have to say it wasn't the first
big chance that's fallen to Norway. Look
how easy this is. Ball gets rolled in.
Look at him shake Upamecano.
Opens up like he's going to go far post.
Lays Maignan down.
Closes the gate.
2-1 France.
Keeper didn't smell it.
Shelvey
Tricky winger. That's lovely play from
the Norwegians. What can they take it?
He's strong now Olsen he's in there. Can
he get the finishing touch? No, he
can't.
Woah.
>> [cheering]
>> Doumbia
Kone across to Tchouameni
and Dembélé will try to get on that left
foot again. You know it. You know it.
And there's the result. He's got a
trick.
Ousmane Dembélé unerring.
>> [cheering]
>> Three in 31 minutes.
>> And he is in a mood today.
First time he got it he cut in cut in
waited came back out and then it comes
back to him again.
Cuts inside waits cuts inside waits.
In the end the defending is just too
poor. Again Selvik
hidden screen can't see it.
Will this man ultimately have the final
say in the golden boot race? I wouldn't
bet against him in this form.
And there might be more to come. 3-1 to
France.
The stadium not exactly in Boston the
home of the Patriots of course.
It's a little way off a terrible mistake
and Doumbia can't take advantage of it.
Really
put it on plate for France.
>> Selvik sets his feet and then he just
has to
>> chance with the header. Meanwhile, what
a ball that is.
Dembélé, flag is staying down. Cuts it
back unselfishly.
Might have tried another cross shot.
Plays it in again. Mbappé goes up for
the header and the ball rolls out of
play.
The full out defensive work at the other
end.
>> Yeah, watch this from Upamecano as this
comes in. Just the back heel out and it
leads to the counter.
That might have been the easiest
opportunity
Dembélé has had. Ultimately tried to
roll it across the goal
instead of shooting it.
>> Steve.
Powerful run from Koné here for France.
Wants the return. Gets the return. And
Selvik again to the rescue. He's having
a pretty good game for the number two
keeper. So, their own downfall in some
respects today.
>> Well, Mbappé's been the facilitator
today and another
lovely cushioned ball
into the path of Koné who tries to
roll it by Selvik. It's amazing to say
that a goalkeeper has had a fantastic
first half when he's given up three
goals, but he really
>> there. Some changes. Let's take you back
in dark alongside Landon Donovan for the
second half.
>> Thank you, Rebecca. Thank you, fellas
for the half time chat. Yeah, two
changes coming up here for Norway.
>> Thanks, Ian.
>> Into the roof of the net from an angle.
I remember it well.
>> Bob.
>> Turning, twisting. He's going to get the
penalty kick here. Norway, there wasn't
much doubt about it. Michael Oliver
pointed straight to the spot.
So, here's a twist.
>> Well, no complaining as Theo Hernández
sticks out his left leg.
Fouls Oscar Bob.
Of course they check it, but there's no
doubt that is a penalty.
And could things get interesting here in
>> [cheering]
>> Yeah, they could.
>> Cuz the margin not being World Cup
lights.
And he doesn't take take a chance. It's
a big big save by Manion. It wasn't
really struck quite hard enough, but he
got there.
>> Well, they're just checking in to see if
he came off his line. He did not. Kept
that right foot rooted to the line.
Really really poor penalty
by Larson.
>> You wonder what would have happened if
Haaland had been around because he would
have taken the penalty. Of course,
meanwhile
that's a great piece of goalkeeping. He
really is by Sale who's had an
outstanding game.
>> Here's that break. Mbappe lays it off
with the outside of but watch him gallop
down the middle of the field. Could see
this developing and just over hit.
>> [cheering]
>> Sale that come in to claim
>> Set them on their way a 3-2 win a
thriller
over Senegal in New York as well. Back
in Boston now. Here's their corner kick.
There's a long way but a flick on on the
near post from Orsic to turn it home.
>> It's an excellent little floating
clipped ball.
Orsic gets there first ahead of
Upamecano.
Little glancing header and you're
waiting for someone to arrive.
Does Mbappe delay it back? And then
whoa.
>> How close was that?
>> You saw it from Sale's dive.
Gets it out of his feet.
You're waiting for that to hit the net.
Sale did a good job
covering that.
Just missed.
>> might have even go for goal.
So, he's drifted towards that back post.
Could have been something.
And Choir was who was arriving from the
back.
Chak here very, very good player to
watch.
10 goals and 15 assists for Manchester
City this past season.
And strikers of Sweden and now then
possibility here.
That for ball, wonderful chance.
Brilliant save from Maignan again. He's
really in form. What an opportunity.
Norway are not taking the chances
they're making.
Showed it up.
Corner.
>> And this is so good from Maignan. And by
the way, if you're watching France and
thinking about all their attacking
options, if he's in this sort of form,
look out.
Guesses a little bit. See him lean down
to his right. Actually, he doesn't. Just
stay.
Much greater chance of going in. And if
that's Sørloth on that side coming in on
that break,
make an argument this could be 3-3 or
even 4-3 for Norway.
>> [cheering]
>> Ødegaard is hurt.
Mikael Oliver very experienced is going
to
issue the
yellow card to
Tchouaméni. Now, they're going through.
Tomorrow on the Fox networks, Group A
will concluding Panama being England on
Fox, Croatia against Ghana in the same
group, Fox Sports 1. Coverage at 4:00
p.m. Eastern time.
Ødegaard was closing in on that one.
Never come back from that.
Wonderful opportunity here
for the France. And again, the
goalkeeper
does his stuff in super.
>> The timing of this run from Barcola is
good. This touch lets him down. He
really wanted to get that one.
>> It's Ibrahim
Konaté is out there. He's moving from
Liverpool to Real Madrid in one of the
headline transfers of the summer.
Into the French defense.
France just biding time. Mbappé's going
to come off
as well.
Now for France, and Jean-Philippe Mateta
will get a run out up front. We'll see
more of them. Oh, yeah, before we're
through here.
Fernandez
found the upper tiers with that one.
>> He had so many options.
Well, Cherki
and Doué on this side waiting for him to
play the ball and
elected to go for the shot.
Just underneath it.
>> [cheering]
>> Painful one for Barcola. He really has
got
>> [cheering]
>> And a wonderful opportunity for another
goal, and France deliver another goal as
well.
Désiré Doué with a header.
4-1
>> Well, as this play develops down the
left side
>> [cheering]
>> cut back on the right foot. Doué
standing all alone in the middle of the
Norwegian box.
What a good header.
Just snaps his neck.
Powers it past Selvik. And I'll tell
you, Ian, the last thing a poning
opponents want to see
as they face France going forward
[music] is that man also getting going.
Mbappé, Olise, Dembélé, just another
thing to worry about for Sweden and
anybody else
who faces France going forward.
10 goals in the tournament now
for France. Final whistle goes. They top
the group. Norway will be second.
Hat-trick for Ousmane Dembélé. A first
World Cup goal for Désiré Doué.
[cheering]
Asgard for Norway who played a weakened
team
and the result was as expected really
when the team news came in.